Array.prototype.at() method added (#2777)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/arrays/terms/at/at.md

---
Title: '.at()'

> Description: 'Return the element at a specified index in an array.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the element at a specified index in an array.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.at()`** method in JavaScript is used to return the element at a specified index in an array. The index can be either positive or negative, and negative indices count from the end of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.at()`** method in JavaScript is used to return the element at a specified index in an array. The index can be either positive or negative (negative indices count from the end of the array).
```

## Syntax

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

array.at(index);
```

> - `index`:The element at the specified `index` is the one intended to be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `index`: The index value of the element to be returned.
```

> ## Example 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 
```

> 

Reviewer: There should be an introductory sentence here such as:
The following code demonstrates a basic implementation of `.at()`:

```js
const array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
const firstElement = array.at(0);

console.log(firstElement);
```

This example results in the following output:

```shell
1
```

> ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer: The Codecademy infrastructure does not currently support this function, so the codebyte will result in an error. Please delete this example
